Hi Akochan I bought a piano recently
Part number is a big Leo np Eleven of the mountain
It is so light that you can move various rooms .
I bought another chair when I went down the bed and Spain
Hmm
It is the first time in 10 years to touch the era of Fear, but it is the keyboard in the band
I did it, but I am good at suma originally
I wanted to play the piano again and bought a game
I'm trying hard now and practicing songs
It is Ayaka's rainbow-colored This is practice at karaoke
At first I practiced as much as myself but it is still not something I can do with both hands
I'm only practicing the pharynx I want to record how long I become a visceral
I will add
From the right hand
I won't do it
goo
Good luck
It is feeling so next
I will put 1
goo
Oh
The
Whoa
Oh
Four days
me
Cormorants Uu
But when I try to put this together with both hands
It is very difficult
1 toe
Follow
Un' N around
Hmm
Whoa-to
2-2
Wrong
Boogy
Oh
Uu Uu' UU uhh ah ah
Otsutsu
The
Hmm
I like boo this time
voodoo
goo
The
Also a even still intro even with both hands in the feeling
It is a state that + can not pull, but if you practice it will probably be a ball-level improvement
I would like to practice my best Well also Une burn to enjoy the next video
Cava Palace Mu's condition bye
Have